docs: document DevTools extensions API (#2970)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/devtools_recorder/index.md

---
api: devtools.recorder
title: chrome.devtools.recorder
---

See [DevTools APIs summary][1] for general introduction to using Developer Tools APIs.

## Overview

> `devtools.recorder` API is a preview feature that allows extending the Recorder panel in Chrome DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`devtools.recorder` API is a preview feature that allows extending the [Recorder panel](/docs/devtools/recorder/) in Chrome DevTools.
```

---
api: devtools.recorder
title: chrome.devtools.recorder
---

See [DevTools APIs summary][1] for general introduction to using Developer Tools APIs.

## Overview

`devtools.recorder` API is a preview feature that allows you to extend the [Recorder panel](/docs/devtools/recorder/) in Chrome DevTools.
Currently, you can extend only the export feature.

To register an extension plugin, use the `registerRecorderExtensionPlugin` function.
This function requires a plugin instance that implements the following:

- `stringify` and `stringifyStep` functions

> - `name` and `mediaType` parameters

Author: That is not technically correct now as the plugin instance does not implement those. Can we rephrase it a bit more?

Reviewer 2: I beg your pardon. Apparently, I didn't get that.

> This function requires a plugin instance that implements the following:
> 
> - `stringify` and `stringifyStep` functions
> - `name` and `mediaType` parameters

Author: ```suggestion
To register an extension plugin, use the `registerRecorderExtensionPlugin` function. This function requires a plugin instance, a `name` and a `mediaType` as parameters. The plugin instance must implement two methods: `stringify` and `stringifyStep`.
```
